Name	Description	Occupation skill points	Min Credit	Max Credit	Skills	Type
Accountant	"Either employed within a business or working as a free-
lance consultant with a portfolio of self-employed clients

or businesses. Diligence and an attention to detail

means that most accountants can make good re-
searchers, being able to support investigations

through the careful analysis of personal and
business transactions, financial statements,
and other records."	EDU × 4	30	70	"Accounting, Law, Library Use,
Listen, Persuade, Spot Hidden, any two
other skills as personal or era specialties
(e.g. Computer Use)."	Standard
Acrobat	"Acrobats may be either
amateur athletes
competing in staged
meets—possibly even

the Olympics—or profes-
sionals employed with the

entertainment sector (e.g.

circuses, carnivals, theatrical performances)."	EDU × 2 + DEX × 2	9	20	"Climb, Dodge, Jump, Throw, Spot Hidden, Swim,
any two other skills as personal or era specialties."	Standard
Stage Actor	"Usually a stage or film actor. Many stage actors have a back-
ground in the classics and, considering themselves “legiti-
mate,” have a tendency to look down upon the commercial

efforts of the film industry, although by the late twentieth
century this is diminished, with film actors able to command
greater respect and higher fees.
Movie stars and the film industry have long captured
the interest of people across the world. Many stars are made
overnight and most of them lead flashy, high profile lives,
ever in the media spotlight.
In the 1920s, the theatrical center of the U.S. is in New
York City, although there are major stages in most cities
across the country. A similar situation exists in England, with
touring repertory companies traveling the counties, with
London the heart of theatrical shows. Touring companies

travel by train, presenting new plays, as well as classics by

Shakespeare and others. Some companies spend consider-
able amounts of time touring foreign parts, such as Canada,

Hawaii, Australia, and Europe.
With the introduction of ""talkies"" in the latter part of the
1920s, many stars of the silent films era cannot cope with
the transition to sound. The arm-waving histrionics of silent

actors give way to more subtle characterizations. John Gar-
field and Francis Bushman are forgotten for new stars, such

as Gary Cooper and Joan Crawford."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	9	40	"Art/Craft (Acting), Disguise, Fighting, History,

two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimi-
date, or Persuade), Psychology, any one other skill as

a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Film Star	"Usually a stage or film actor. Many stage actors have a back-
ground in the classics and, considering themselves “legiti-
mate,” have a tendency to look down upon the commercial

efforts of the film industry, although by the late twentieth
century this is diminished, with film actors able to command
greater respect and higher fees.
Movie stars and the film industry have long captured
the interest of people across the world. Many stars are made
overnight and most of them lead flashy, high profile lives,
ever in the media spotlight.
In the 1920s, the theatrical center of the U.S. is in New
York City, although there are major stages in most cities
across the country. A similar situation exists in England, with
touring repertory companies traveling the counties, with
London the heart of theatrical shows. Touring companies

travel by train, presenting new plays, as well as classics by

Shakespeare and others. Some companies spend consider-
able amounts of time touring foreign parts, such as Canada,

Hawaii, Australia, and Europe.
With the introduction of ""talkies"" in the latter part of the
1920s, many stars of the silent films era cannot cope with
the transition to sound. The arm-waving histrionics of silent

actors give way to more subtle characterizations. John Gar-
field and Francis Bushman are forgotten for new stars, such

as Gary Cooper and Joan Crawford."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	20	90	"Art/Craft (Acting), Disguise, Drive Auto, two
interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate,
or Persuade), Psychology, any two other skills as
personal or era specialties (e.g. Ride or Fighting)."	Standard
Agency Detective	"Numerous well-known detective agencies exist around the
world, with probably the most famous being the Pinkerton
and Burns agencies (merged into one in modern times).
Large agencies employ two types of agents: security guards
and operatives.
Guards are uniformed patrolmen, hired by companies

and individuals to protect property and people against bur-
glars, assassins and kidnappers. Use the Uniformed Police

Officer’s description for these characters. Company Opera-
tives are plainclothes detectives, sent out on cases requiring

them to solve mysteries, prevent murders, locate missing
people, and so on."	EDU × 2 + (STR × 2 or DEX × 2)	20	45	"One interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intim-
idate or Persuade), Fighting (Brawl), Firearms, Law,

Library Use, Psychology, Stealth, Track."	Standard
Alienist	"In the 1920s, ""alienist"" is the term given for those who treat
mental illness (early psychiatrists). Psychoanalysis is barely
known in the U.S., and its basis in sexual life and toilet
training is felt to be indecent. Psychiatry, a standard medical
education augmented by behaviorism, is more common.
Intellectual wars rage between alienists, psychiatrists, and
neurologists."	EDU × 4	10	60	"Law, Listen, Medicine, Other Language, Psycho-
analysis, Psychology, Science (Biology), (Chemistry)."	Standard
Animal Trainer	"May be employed by film studios, a travelling circus, a horse
stable, or possibly working freelance. Whether training guide

dogs for the blind or teaching a lion to jump through a flam-
ing hoop, the animal trainer usually works alone, spending

long hours in close proximity with the animals in their care.
An animal trainer can use the Psychology skill with animals
as well as people."	EDU × 2 + (APP × 2 or POW × 2)	10	40	"Jump, Listen, Natural World, Psychology, Science
(Zoology), Stealth, Track, any one other skill as a
personal or era specialty."	Standard
Antiquarian	"A person who delights in the timeless excellence of design
and execution, and in the power of ancient lore. Probably the
most Lovecraft-like occupation available to an investigator.
An independent income allows the antiquarian to explore
things old and obscure, perhaps sharpening their focus down
particular lines of enquiry based on personal preference and
interest. Usually a person with an appreciative eye and a
swift mind, who frequently finds mordant or contemptuous
humor in the foolishness of the ignorant, the pompous, and
the greedy."	EDU × 4	30	70	"Appraise, Art/Craft (any), History, Library Use,
Other Language, one interpersonal skill (Charm,
Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Spot Hidden, any
one other skill as a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Antique Dealer	"Antique dealers usually own their own shop, retail items out
of their homes, or go on extended buying trips, making a
profit on reselling to urban stores."	EDU × 4	30	50	"Accounting, Appraise, Drive Auto, two interper-
sonal skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Per-
suade), History, Library Use, Navigate."	Standard
Archaeologist	"The study and exploration of the past. Primarily the iden-
tification, examination, and analysis of recovered materials

relating to human history. The work involves painstaking
research and meticulous study, not to mention a willing
attitude to getting one’s hands dirty.

In the 1920s, successful archaeologists became celeb-
rities, seen as explorers and adventurers. While some used

scientific methods, many were happy to apply brute force
when unveiling the secrets of the past— the use of dynamite
was sometimes common. Such bullish behavior would be
frowned upon in modern times."	EDU × 4	10	40	"Appraise, Archaeology, History, Other Language

(any), Library Use, Spot Hidden, Mechanical Re-
pair, Navigate or Science (e.g. chemistry, physics,

geology, etc.)"	Standard
Architect	"Architects are trained to design
and plan buildings, whether

a small conversion to a pri-
vate house or a multi-mil-
lion dollar construction

project. The architect
will work closely with
the project manager

and oversee the con-
struction. Architects

must be aware of local
planning laws, health
and safety regulation,
and general public safety.
Some may work for

large firms or work free-
lance. A lot will depend on

reputation. In the 1920s, many try and go it alone, working out of their house or a
small office. Few manage to sell the grandiose designs they
all nurse."	EDU × 4	30	70	"Accounting, Art/Craft (Technical Drawing), Law,
Own Language, Computer Use or Library Use,
Persuade, Psychology, Science (Mathematics)."	Standard
Artist	"May be a painter, sculptor, etc. Sometimes self-absorbed
and driven with a particular vision, sometimes blessed

with a great talent that is able to inspire passion and under-
standing. Talented or not, the artist’s ego must be hardy and

strong to surmount initial obstacles and critical appraisal,
and to keep them working if success arrives. Some artists
care not for material enrichment, while others have a keen
entrepreneurial streak."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or POW × 2)	9	50	"Art/Craft (any), History or Natural World, one
interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate,
or Persuade), Other Language, Psychology, Spot
Hidden, any two other skills as personal or era
specialties."	Standard
Asylum Attendant	"Although there are private sanitariums for those few who
can afford them, the vast bulk of the mentally ill are housed
in state and county facilities. Aside from a few doctors and
nurses, they employ a large number of attendants, often
chosen more for their strength and size rather than medical
learning."	EDU × 2 + (STR × 2 or DEX × 2)	8	20	"Dodge, Fighting (Brawl), First Aid, two inter-
personal skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or

Persuade), Listen, Psychology, Stealth."	Standard
Athlete	"Probably plays in a professional baseball, football, cricket,
or basketball team. This may be a major league team with a
regular salary and national attention or—particularly in the
case of 1920s baseball—one of many minor league teams,
some of them owned and operated by major league owners.
The latter pay barely enough to keep players fed and on the
team.
Successful professional athletes will enjoy a certain
amount of celebrity within the arena of their expertise—
more so in the present day where sporting heroes stand side
by side with film stars on red carpets around the world."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	70	"Climb, Jump, Fighting (Brawl), Ride, one inter-
personal skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or

Persuade), Swim, Throw, any one other skill as a
personal or era specialty."	Standard
Author	"As distinct from the journalist, the author uses words to
define and explore the human condition, especially the
range of human emotions. Their labors are solitary and
the rewards solipsistic: only a relative handful make much
money in the present day, though in previous eras the trade
once provided a regular living wage.
The work habits of authors vary widely. Typically an

author might spend months or years researching in prepa-
ration for a book, then withdrawing for periods of intense

creation."	EDU × 4	9	30	"Art (Literature), History, Library Use, Natural
World or Occult, Other Language, Own Language,
Psychology, any one other skill as a personal or era
specialty."	Standard
Bartender	"Normally not the owner of the bar, the bartender is every-
one’s friend. For some it’s a career or their business, for

many it's a means to an end.

In the 1920s the profession is made illegal by the Prohi-
bition Act; however, there’s no shortage of work for a bar-
tender, as someone has to serve the drinks in the speakeasies

and secret gin joints."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	8	25	"Accounting, two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast
Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Fighting (Brawl),
Listen, Psychology, Spot Hidden, any one other skill
as a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Big Game Hunter	"Big game hunters are skilled trackers and hunters who
usually earn their living leading safaris for wealthy clients.
Most are specialized in one part of the world, such as the
Canadian woods, African plains, and other locales. Some
hunters may work for the black market, capturing live
exotic species for private collectors, or trading in illegal or
morally objectionable animal products like skins, ivory, and
the like—although in the 1920s such activities were more
common and were permissible under most countries’ laws.
Although the ""great white hunter"" is the quintessential

type, others may be simply local indigenous people who es-
cort hunters through the backwoods of the Yukon in search

of moose or bear."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	20	50	"Firearms, Listen or Spot Hidden, Natural World,
Navigate, Other Language or Survival (any), Science
(Biology or Botany), Stealth, Track."	Standard
Book Dealer	"A book dealer may be the owner of a retail outlet or niche
mail order service, or specialize in buying trips across the

country and even overseas. Many will have wealthy or regu-
lar clients, who provide lists of sought-after and rare works."	EDU × 4	20	40	"Accounting, Appraise, Drive Auto, History,
Library Use, Own Language, Other Language, one
interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or
Persuade),"	Standard
Bounty Hunter	"Bounty hunters track down and return fugitives to justice.
Most often, freelancers are employed by Bail Bondsmen to
track down bail jumpers. Bounty hunters may freely cross
state lines in pursuit of their quarry and may show little

regard for civil rights and other technicalities when captur-
ing their prey. Breaking and entering, threats, and physical

abuse are all part of the successful bounty hunter’s bag of
tricks. In modern times this may stem to illegal phone taps,
computer hacking, and other covert surveillance."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	30	"Drive Auto, Electronic or Electrical Repair, Fight-
ing or Firearms, one interpersonal skill (Fast Talk,

Charm, Intimidate, or Persuade), Law, Psychology,
Track, Stealth."	Standard
Boxer/Wrestler	"Professional boxers and wrestlers are managed by indi-
viduals (promoters) possibly backed by outside interests,

and usually locked into contracts. Professional boxers and
wrestlers work and train full-time.
Amateur boxing competitions abound, a training

ground for those aspiring to professional status. In addi-
tion, amateur and post-professional boxers and wrestlers

can sometimes be found making a living from illegal
bare-knuckle fights, usually arranged by organized crime
gangs or entrepreneurial locals."	EDU × 2 + STR × 2	9	60	"Dodge, Fighting (Brawl), Intimidate, Jump,
Psychology, Spot Hidden, any two other skills as
personal or era specialties."	Standard
Butler/Valet/Maid	"This occupation covers those who

are employed in a servant capac-
ity and includes butler, valet,

and lady’s maid.
A butler is usually employed
as a domestic servant for a large
household. Traditionally the butler
is charge of the dining room, wine
cellar and pantry, and ranks as the
highest male servant. Usually male—a
housekeeper would be the female
equivalent—the butler is responsible
for male servants within the household.
The duties of the butler will vary to
according to the requirements of his
employer.

A valet or lady’s maid pro-
vides personal services, such

as maintaining her employer's
clothes, running baths, and
effectively acting as a personal assistant. The work might include making travel arrange-
ments, managing their employer’s diary, and organizing

household finances."	EDU × 4	9	40	"Accounting or Appraise, Art/Craft (any, e.g. Cook,
Tailor, Barber), First Aid, Listen, Other Language,
Psychology, Spot Hidden, any two other skills as
personal or era specialties."	Standard
Clergy	"The hierarchy of the Church usually assigns clergy to their
respective parishes or sends them on evangelical missions,

most often to a foreign country (see Missionary). Differ-
ent churches have different priorities and hierarchies: for

example, in the Catholic Church a priest may rise through

the ranks of bishop, archbishop, and cardinal, while a Meth-
odist pastor may in turn rise to district superintendent and

bishop.
Many clergy (not just Catholic priests) bear witness to
confessions and, though they are not at liberty to divulge
such secrets, they are free to act upon them.
Some who work in the church are trained in professional

skills, acting as doctors, lawyers, and scholars—as appropri-
ate, use the occupation template which best describes the

nature of the investigator’s work."	EDU × 4	9	60	"Accounting, History, Library Use, Listen, Other
Language, one interpersonal skill (Charm,
Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade),
Psychology, any one other skill."	Standard
"Computer Programmer/
Technician"	"Usually designing, writing, testing,
debugging, and/or maintaining the
source code of computer programs,
the computer programmer is an expert
in many different subjects, including
formal logic and application platforms.

May work freelance or within the con-
fines of a software development house.

The computer technician is tasked

with the development and main-
tenance of computer systems and

networks, often working alongside other office staff (such
as project managers) to ensure systems maintain integrity
and provide desired functionality. Similar occupations
may include: Database Administrator, IT Systems Manager,
Multimedia Developer, Network Administrator, Software
Engineer, Webmaster, etc.
The computer hacker uses computers and computer
networks as a means of protest to promote political ends
(sometimes referred to as ""hacktivists"") or for criminal gain.
Illegally breaking into computers and other user accounts
is required, the outcome of which could be anything from
defacing web pages, doxing, and swatting to email bombing
designed to enact denials of service."	EDU × 4	10	70	"Computer Use, Electrical Repair, Electronics, Li-
brary Use, Science (Mathematics), Spot Hidden, any

two other skills as personal or era specialties."	Modern
Hacker	"Usually designing, writing, testing,
debugging, and/or maintaining the
source code of computer programs,
the computer programmer is an expert
in many different subjects, including
formal logic and application platforms.

May work freelance or within the con-
fines of a software development house.

The computer technician is tasked

with the development and main-
tenance of computer systems and

networks, often working alongside other office staff (such
as project managers) to ensure systems maintain integrity
and provide desired functionality. Similar occupations
may include: Database Administrator, IT Systems Manager,
Multimedia Developer, Network Administrator, Software
Engineer, Webmaster, etc.
The computer hacker uses computers and computer
networks as a means of protest to promote political ends
(sometimes referred to as ""hacktivists"") or for criminal gain.
Illegally breaking into computers and other user accounts
is required, the outcome of which could be anything from
defacing web pages, doxing, and swatting to email bombing
designed to enact denials of service."	EDU × 4	10	70	"Computer Use, Electrical Repair, Electronics,
Library Use, Spot Hidden, one interpersonal skill
(Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), any two
other skills."	Modern
Cowboy/girl	"Cowboys work the ranges and ranches of the West.
Some own their own ranches, however many are
simply hired where and when work is available.
Good money can also be made by those
willing to risk life and limb on the rodeo
circuit, travelling between events for fame
and glory.

During the 1920s, a few found em-
ployment in Hollywood as stuntmen

and extras in westerns; for example, Wy-
att Earp worked as a technical advisor

to the film industry. In modern times
some ranches have opened their gates

to holidaymakers wishing to experi-
ence life as a cowboy."	"EDU × 2 +
(DEX × 2 or STR × 2)"	9	20	"Dodge, Fighting or Firearms, First Aid or Natural
World, Jump, Ride, Survival (any), Throw, Track."	Standard
Craftsperson	"May be equally termed an artisan or master craftsperson.

The craftsperson is essentially skilled in the manual produc-
tion of items or materials. Normally quite talented individ-
uals, some gaining a high reputation for works of art, while

others provide a needed community service.
Possible trades include: furniture, jewelry, watchmaker,
potter, blacksmith, textiles, calligraphy, sewing, carpentry,
book binding glassblowing, toy maker, stained glass, and
so on."	EDU × 2 + DEX × 2	10	40	"Accounting, Art/Craft (any two), Mechanical
Repair, Natural World, Spot Hidden, any two other
skills as personal specialties."	Standard
Assassin	"Hit men are the cold-blooded killers of the underworld.
Usually hired from somewhere out of town, they arrive,
do their work, then quickly disappear. It’s strictly business.
Often sociopaths, who seem to lack the ability to empathize

with other human beings. Many follow strict codes of be-
havior. In spite of this, many marry, raise children, and in all

other ways behave like model citizens."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	30	60	"Disguise, Electrical Repair, Fighting, Firearms,
Locksmith, Mechanical Repair, Stealth, Psychology."	Criminal
Bank Robber		EDU × 2 + (STR × 2 or DEX × 2)	5	75	"Drive Auto, Electrical or Mechanical Repair,
Fighting, Firearms, Intimidate, Locksmith, Operate
Heavy Machinery, any one other skill as personal or
era specialty."	Criminal
Bootlegger/Thug	"Whether bootleggers, corner-boys, or thugs, these are the
soldiers of organized crime. They are supported by criminal
organizations and they are the ones usually expected to
take the fall for the gangsters above them. Their silence and
loyalty is expected and rewarded."	EDU × 2 + STR × 2	5	30	"Drive Auto, Fighting, Firearms, two interpersonal
skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade),
Psychology, Stealth, Spot Hidden."	Criminal
Burglar	"Confidence tricksters are usually smooth talkers. Work-
ing alone or in a team, they descend on wealthy individuals

or communities, fleecing their targets of their hard-earned
savings. Some schemes are elaborate, involving teams of
scam men and rented buildings; others are simple affairs,
transactions requiring only one con man and no more than
a few minutes."	EDU × 2 + DEX × 2	5	40	"Appraise, Climb, Electrical or Mechanical Repair,
Listen, Locksmith, Sleight of Hand, Stealth, Spot
Hidden."	Criminal
Conman		EDU × 2 + APP × 2	10	65	"Appraise, Art/Craft (Acting), Law or Other
Language, Listen, two interpersonal skills (Charm,
Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Psychology,
Sleight of Hand."	Criminal
Criminal (freelance/solo)		EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or APP × 2)	5	65	"Art/Craft (Acting) or Disguise, Appraise, one in-
terpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk, or Intimidate),

Fighting or Firearms, Locksmith or Mechanical
Repair, Stealth, Psychology, Spot Hidden."	Criminal
Gun Moll	"A female professional criminal. While many are fiercely
independent, some are at the beck and call
of mobster boyfriends—however, in
reality this could easily be the other
way around, with the moll working
her boyfriend for all she can before
skedaddling with all the cash and
furs she can carry."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	10	80	"Art/Craft (any), two interpersonal
skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or

Persuade), Fighting (Brawl) or Fire-
arms (Handgun), Drive Auto,

Listen, Stealth, any one other
skill as personal or era specialty."	Criminal
Fence	"A fence is someone who trades in stolen property, usu-
ally taking in stolen goods and then selling them onto other

criminals or (unwitting) legitimate customers. Principally
a middleman between thieves and buyers, the fence either

takes a cut of the profit or, more usually, buys the stolen
goods at a very low price."	EDU × 2 + APP× 2	20	40	"Accounting, Appraise, Art/Craft (Forgery),
History, one interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk,
Intimidate, or Persuade), Library Use, Spot Hidden,
any one other skill."	Criminal
Forger/Counterfeiter	"Forgers are the artists of the criminal world, specializ-
ing in forging official documents, deeds and transfers, and

providing phony signatures. Beginners work manufacturing
fake ID's for petty criminals, while the best engrave plates
for counterfeiting currency."	EDU × 4	20	60	"Accounting, Appraise, Art/Craft (Forgery), His-
tory, Library Use, Spot Hidden, Sleight of Hand,

any one other skill as personal or era specialty (e.g.
Computer Use)."	Criminal
Smuggler	"Smuggling is always a lucrative and high-risk business.
The smuggler usually has a public profession, such as boat
captain, pilot, or businessman, allowing them to transport
illicit products to a needy market."	EDU × 2 + (APP × 2 or DEX × 2)	20	60	"Firearms, Listen, Navigate, one interpersonal skill
(Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Drive
Auto or Pilot (Aircraft or Boat), Psychology, Sleight
of Hand, Spot Hidden."	Criminal
Street Punk	"Street punks are typically young street hoods, possibly

looking for a chance to hook-up with real gangsters. Ex-
perience is probably limited to stealing cars, shoplifting,

mugging, and burglary."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	3	10	"Climb, one interpersonal skill
(Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or
Persuade), Fighting, Firearms, Jump,
Sleight of Hand, Stealth, Throw."	Criminal
Cult Leader	"America has always generated new
religions, from the New England
Transcendentalists to the Children of
God, as well as many others, right up
to modern times. The leader is either a
firm believer in the dogma they impart

Bootleggers have to
protect their
livelihoods

77

chapter 4: occupations

to the cult’s members or simply in it for the money
and power.

During the 1920s, any number of char-
ismatic cult leaders emerge. Some espouse

forms of Christianity while others incor-
porate Eastern mysticism and occult

practices. These groups are particu-
larly familiar to America’s West Coast

but are found all around the country
in different forms. The southern Bible
Belt supports many traveling tent shows

featuring song, dance, and gospel reviv-
al. Other countries also see such fringe

religions springing up wherever there are
those in need of something to believe in."	EDU x 2 + APP x 2	30	60	"Accounting, two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast
Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Occult, Psychology,
Spot Hidden, any two other skills as specialties."	Standard
Deprogrammer	"Deprogramming is the act of persuading (or forcing) a
person to abandon their belief or allegiance to a religious
or social community. Normally, the deprogrammer is hired
by relatives of an individual, who has joined some form of
cult, in order to break them free (usually by kidnapping)
and then subject them to psychological techniques to free
them of their association (""conditioning"") with the cult.
Less extreme deprogrammers exist, who work with
those who have voluntarily left a cult. In such cases the
deprogrammer effectively acts as an exit counselor."	EDU × 4	20	50	"Two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast Talk,
Intimidate, or Persuade), Drive Auto, Fighting
(Brawl) or Firearms, History, Occult, Psychology,
Stealth."	Modern
Designer	"Designers work in many fields, from fashion to furniture and
most points in-between. The designer may work freelance,
for a design house or for a business designing consumer
products, processes, laws, games, graphics, and so on.

The investigator’s particular design specialty
might influence the choice of skills—adjust the skills
as appropriate."	EDU × 4	20	60	"Accounting, Art (Photography),
Art/Craft (any), Computer Use or Library
Use, Mechanical Repair, Psychology, Spot
Hidden, any one other skill as personal
specialty."	Standard
Dilettante	"Dilettantes are self-supporting, living off an inheri-
tance, trust fund, or some other source of income that

does not require them to work. Usually the dilettante
has enough money that specialist financial advisers are
needed to take care of it.

Probably well educated, though not necessarily accom-
plished in anything. Money frees the dilettante to be eccen-
tric and outspoken.

In the 1920s, some diettantes might be ""flappers"" or
""sheiks""—as per the parlance of the time—of course, one
didn't need to be rich to be a ""party"" person. In modern
times, ""hipster"" might also be an appropriate term.
The dilettante has had plenty of time to learn how to be
charming and sophisticated; what else has been done with

that free time is likely to betray the dilettante’s true charac-
ter and interests."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	50	99	"Art/Craft (Any), Firearms, Other Language, Ride,

one interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimi-
date, or Persuade), any three other skills as personal

or era specialties."	Standard
Diver	"Divers could work in the military, law enforcement, or in

civilian occupations like sponge gathering, salvage, conser-
vation, or even treasure hunting."	EDU × 2 + DEX × 2	9	30	"Diving, First Aid, Mechanical Repair, Pilot (Boat),
Science (Biology), Spot Hidden, Swim, any one
other skill as personal or era specialty."	Standard
Doctor of Medicine	"Most likely a general practitioner,
surgeon or other specialist, such as
a psychiatrist or an independent

medical researcher. Apart from per-
sonal goals, three aims—helping

patients, gaining money and
prestige, and promoting a
more rational and wiser
society—are common to the
profession.
If a general practitioner,
the doctor will be based in a rural
or neighborhood practice in or
near a small town or city. Many
physicians are employed by
large urban hospitals, allowing
them to specialize in areas like

pathology, toxicology, ortho-
pedics, and brain surgery.

Doctors may also serve as

part- or full-time medical ex-
aminers, conducting autopsies

and signing death certificates
for the city, county, or state.
In the U.S., physicians are
licensed by individual states,
most requiring a minimum
of two years’ attendance
at an accredited medical

school. These require-
ments, however, are but a relatively recent development.

During the 1920s, many older physicians first obtained their
licenses long before such strict regulations were in effect,
despite failing to have ever attended medical school."	EDU x 4	30	80	"First Aid, Medicine, Other Language (Latin),
Psychology, Science (Biology and Pharmacy), any
two other skills as academic or personal specialties."	Standard
Drifter	"As opposed to someone who is poverty-stricken, the drifter’s
wandering life is chosen, perhaps compensating for a social,
philosophical, or economic lack, or perhaps taken due to a
desire to break free of societal constraints.
The drifter takes jobs, sometimes for days or months,
however he or she is disposed to solve problems with the
answer of mobility and isolation, not comfort and intimacy.
The life of the road might seem especially American, but
the same sort of life is chosen wherever travel itself is not
systematically dangerous."	EDU × 2 + (APP× 2 or DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	0	5	"Climb, Jump, Listen, Navigate, one interpersonal skill
(Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Stealth,
any two other skills as personal or era specialties."	Standard
Driver	"Professional drivers may work for a company, private indi-
vidual, or possibly have their own cab or rig."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	20	"Accounting, Drive Auto, Listen, one interpersonal
skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade),
Mechanical Repair, Navigate, Psychology, any one
other skill as personal or era specialty."	Standard
Chauffeur	"A chauffeur is either directly employed by an individ-
ual or firm, or works for an agency that hires both car and

chauffeur out for single engagements or on a retainer basis."	EDU × 2 + DEX × 2	10	40	"Drive Auto, two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast
Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Listen, Mechanical
Repair, Navigate, Spot Hidden, any one other skill as
a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Taxi Driver	"Taxi drivers may work for large or small companies, or
possibly have their own cab and license (medallion in the
U.S.). Cab companies are usually set up so that drivers rent
cabs and a dispatcher service from the company, technically
making the drivers freelance operators. Taxis are required
to be fitted with approved meters, periodically checked by
the city’s taxi board. Drivers are usually required to obtain
a special license that includes a background check by the
police detective bureau."	EDU x 2 + DEX x 2	9	30	"Accounting, Drive Auto, Electrical Repair, Fast
Talk, Mechanical Repair, Navigate, Spot Hidden, any
one other skill as a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Editor	"Editors work assigning stories to reporters, writing newspaper
and magazine editorials, dealing with crises, and meeting
deadlines. Occasionally they edit. Large newspapers have
many editors, including managing editors who are more
involved with business operations than news. Other editors
specialize in fashion, sports, or some other area. Small newspapers
may have only a single editor who, in fact, may also
be the owner as well as the only full-time employee."	EDU × 4	10	30	"Accounting, History, Own Language, two interpersonal
skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or
Persuade), Psychology, Spot Hidden, any one other
skill as personal or era specialty."	Standard
Elected Official	"Popularly elected officials enjoy prestige commensurate
with their position. Small-town mayors and township
supervisors find their influence extends little beyond their
municipality’s borders. Often these jobs are part-time,
paying but small compensation. The mayors of big cities
are well paid, however, often ruling their cities like little
kingdoms and wielding more influence and power than the
governor of their respective state.
Local Representatives and Senators elected to state
houses enjoy a fair amount of respect, particularly with the
business community and often at a statewide level.
Governors are responsible for entire states and have
connections across the country.
Federal positions carry the most clout. States send a
number of Representatives to Congress based upon population
count, and the House seats over 400 members, each
elected to a two-year term. Each state, regardless of size, also
sends two Senators to Washington. Elected to six-year terms
and numbering less than a hundred, Senators hold considerably
more influence than Representatives, and some elder
Senators receive nearly as much respect as the President.
In the United Kingdom, Members of Parliament are
popularly elected every four to five years. Representatives in
the House of Lords are unelected, receiving their memberships
through either birth or appointment."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	50	90	"Charm, History, Intimidate, Fast Talk, Listen,
Own Language, Persuade, Psychology"	Standard
Engineer	"A specialist in mechanical or electrical devices, employed in
a civilian business or in the military, but also including inventors.
The engineer applies scientific knowledge, mathematics
and a liberal amount of ingenuity to design solutions
for technical problems."	EDU × 4	30	60	"Art/Craft (Technical Drawing), Electrical Repair,
Library Use, Mechanical Repair, Operate Heavy Machine,
Science (Engineering and Physics), any one
other skill as personal or era specialty."	Standard
Entertainer	"This occupation might include clown, singer, dancer, comedian,
juggler, musician, or anyone else who earns a living in
front of an audience. These people love to be seen, love to
show what they do best, and love the consequent applause.
Previously to the 1920s, this profession lacked respect;
however, the money that Hollywood stars can make in the
1920s changes most minds, and by the present day such a
background is generally felt to be an advantage."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	9	70	"Art/Craft (e.g. Acting, Singer, Comedian, etc.),
Disguise, two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast Talk,
Intimidate, or Persuade), Listen, Psychology, any
two other skills as personal or era specialties."	Standard
Explorer	"In the early twentieth century there are still unknown
areas of the world that some people can make a career of
exploring. Scientific grants, private donations, and museum
contracts, combined with newspaper, magazine, book, and
film rights often generate enough money to support the
adventurer and this exciting lifestyle.
Much of darkest Africa is still unexplored, as are great
portions of the Matto Grosso in South America, the great
Australian desert, the Sahara and Arabian deserts, and much
of the Asian interior. Although expeditions have reached both the North and South Poles, much of the surrounding
territory is still unknown"	EDU × 2 + (APP × 2 or DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	55	80	"Climb or Swim, Firearms, History, Jump, Natural
World, Navigate, Other Language, Survival."	Standard
Farmer	"An agricultural worker who might own the land on which
they raise crops or livestock, or who is employed to do the
same. Rigorous and demanding, the life of the farmer is suited
to those who enjoy manual labor and outdoor activities.
The 1920s are the first decade where the urban population
of the U.S. outnumbers the rural population.
Independent farmers find themselves squeezed between
competition from corporate-controlled farms and fluctuating
commodity markets—a situation still common in
contemporary times."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	30	"Art/Craft (Farming), Drive Auto (or Wagon), one
interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or
Persuade), Mechanical Repair, Natural World, Operate
Heavy Machinery, Track, any one other skill as
a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Federal Agent	"There are a vast variety of federal law enforcement agencies
and agents. Some are uniformed, such as the U.S. Marshals,
while others, like the Federal Bureau of Investigation, are
plainclothes and operate similar to detectives."	EDU × 4	20	40	"Drive Auto, Fighting (Brawl), Firearms, Law, Persuade,
Stealth, Spot Hidden, any one other skill as a
personal or era specialty."	Standard
Firefighter	"Firefighters are civil servants, employed by the communities
they serve. They work around the clock, on shifts lasting
several days, eating, sleeping, and entertaining themselves
within the confines of the fire station. Organized along
military lines, promotion through lieutenant, captain, and
chief is possible."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	30	"Climb, Dodge, Drive Auto, First Aid, Jump, Mechanical
Repair, Operate Heavy Machinery, Throw."	Standard
Foreign Correspondent	"Foreign correspondents are the elite of news reporters.
They work on salary, enjoy expense accounts, and travel the
globe. In the 1920s, the correspondent may work for a large
newspaper, a radio network, or a national newsgroup. Modern-
day reporters might also work freelance or be employed
to file reports for a television network, an Internet news
provider, or international news agency.
The work can be very varied, often exciting, and sometimes
hazardous as natural disasters, political upheaval, and
war are the primary focus of the foreign correspondent."	EDU × 4	10	40	"History, Other Language, Own Language, Listen,
two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate,
or Persuade), Psychology, any one other skill as
a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Forensic Surgeon	"A highly specialized occupation, most forensic surgeons are
employed by a city, county or state to conduct autopsies,
determine causes of death, and make recommendations to
the prosecutor’s office. Forensic surgeons are often called to
give testimony at criminal proceedings."	EDU × 4	40	60	"Other Language (Latin), Library Use, Medicine,
Persuade, Science (Biology), (Forensics), (Pharmacy),
Spot Hidden."	Standard
Gambler	"Gamblers are the dandies of the criminal world. Sharp
dressers, they usually possess bags of charm, either earthy or
sophisticated. Whether frequenting the racetrack, card table,
or casino, such individuals often base their life upon chance.
More sophisticated gamblers probably frequent the illegal
casinos operated by organized crime. A few are known as
81
chapter 4: occupations
poker players and are often involved in lengthy, high-stakes
games where they may even be backed by outside investors.
The lowest frequent alleys and dives, playing craps with
loaded dice, or hustling in pool halls."	EDU × 2 + (APP × 2 or DEX × 2)	8	50	"Accounting, Art/Craft (Acting), two interpersonal
skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade),
Listen, Psychology, Sleight of Hand, Spot Hidden."	Standard
Gangster	"A gangster could be the boss of a whole city, part of a city,
or merely an underling who works for the boss. Underlings
usually have specific areas of responsibility, such as overseeing
illicit shipments, collecting protection money, and so on.
The boss oversees the business, makes deals, and determines
how to solve problems. For the most part, the gangster boss
is untouchable, able to field a small army of underlings to do
his or her bidding, and so is unlikely to get their hands dirty.
Gangsterism rose to prominence in the 1920s. Neighborhood
ethnic gangs, who had heretofore limited their
activities to local protection schemes and small gambling
rackets, discovered the immense profits to be made in the
illegal beer and liquor industry. Before long they controlled
whole sections of cities and warred with one another in
the streets. Though most gangs are of ethnic origin—Irish,
Italian, African-American, and Jewish—gangsters of nearly
all nationalities are found within the ranks.
In modern times, the drug trade has overtaken other
forms of organized crime to be the most lucrative route for
many. Operating on very similar lines to their 1920s counterparts,
the contemporary gangster boss also needs a range
of underlings to promote, secure, and trade their business
on the streets.
Aside from illegal liquor and narcotics, organized crime
deals in prostitution, protection, gambling, and many other
forms of corruption."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	60	95	"Fighting, Firearms, Law, Listen, two interpersonal
skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade),
Psychology, Spot Hidden."	Criminal
Gangster Underling		EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	20	"Drive Auto, Fighting, Firearms, two interpersonal
skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade),
Psychology, any two other skills as personal or era
specialties."	Criminal
Gentleman/Lady	"A man or woman of good breeding, courteous behavior,
and good conduct. Usually the term is applied to a member
of the upper class who is independently wealthy (either by
inheritance or regular allowance).
In the 1920s, such a person would certainly have had at
least one servant (butler, valet, maid, chauffer) and probably
a country and city residence. One does not necessarily have
to be rich, as often family status is more important than
family wealth in terms of the highest society."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	40	90	"Art/Craft (any), two interpersonal skills (Charm,
Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Firearms (Rifle/
Shotgun), History, Other Language (any), Navigate,
Ride."	Standard
Hobo	"Although there are people out of work and, as always,
alcoholics lying in the gutters, the true hobo forms a
separate breed. While drifters tend to only work when
forced to, hobos are essentially workers who wander.
Riding the rails continually, on the move
from one town to another, they are penniless
poets and vagabonds—explorers of the
road, adventurers, and thieves. However,
life on the road or rails is dangerous.
Aside of the problems of being poor
and having no home, the hobo faces
hostility from the police, closeknit
communities, and railroad
staff. Jumping trains in the dark is
no easy feat and many a hobo has
lost a foot or hand from getting
caught between train cars."	EDU × 2 + (APP × 2 or DEX × 2)	0	5	"Art/Craft (any), Climb, Jump, Listen, Locksmith
or Sleight of Hand, Navigate, Stealth, any one other
skill as a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Hospital Orderly	"The typical hospital orderly is in charge of emptying waste,
cleaning rooms, taxiing patients, and any other odd job
requiring slightly more skill than that of a janitor."	EDU × 2 + STR × 2	6	15	"Electrical Repair, one interpersonal skill (Charm,
Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Fighting (Brawl),
First Aid, Listen, Mechanical Repair, Psychology,
Stealth."	Standard
Investigative Journalist	"
The best investigative journalists report, but keep themselves
independent of the corruption and self-serving they
witness. That reality overwhelms the worst, who eventually
forfeit any sensibility except the power of their words."	EDU × 4	9	30	"Art/Craft (Art or Photography), one interpersonal
skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade),
History, Library Use, Own Language, Psychology,
any two other skills as personal or era specialties."	Standard
Reporter	"Reporters work in the news and media industries,
either freelance or for a newspaper, magazine, website, or
news agency. Most work outside of the office, interviewing
witnesses, checking records, and gathering stories. Some are
assigned to specific beats like the police station, the sports
scene, or business. Others cover social events and garden
club meetings. Reporters carry press passes, but these are of little value
other than to identify an individual as employed by their
respective employer (usually a newspaper). The real work
is similar to that of a private detective, and some reporters
may resort to subterfuge to gain the information they want."	EDU × 4	9	30	"Art/Craft (Acting), History, Listen, Own Language,
one interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk,
Intimidate, or Persuade), Psychology, Stealth, Spot
Hidden."	Standard
Judge	"An official who presides over court legal proceedings, either
alone or within a group of peers. Judges are either appointed
or elected, sometimes for a term of specified length, other
times for life. While some are appointed without ever having
practiced law, most judges are licensed attorneys whether
they sit on the smallest bench in a far-off Western town, or
on the bench of the Federal Supreme Court."	EDU × 4	50	80	"History, Intimidate, Law, Library Use, Listen,
Own Language, Persuade, Psychology."	Standard
Laboratory Assistant	"Working in a scientific environment, the assistant (or technician)
performs laboratory and administrative tasks under
the supervision of a lead scientist.
Tasks are varied and dependent on the scientific discipline
of the lead scientist or laboratory, but could include:
sampling, testing, recording and analyzing results, setting
up or performing experiments, preparing specimens and
samples, administering the day-to-day work of the laboratory,
and ensuring health and safety polices are adhered to."	EDU × 4	10	30	"Computer Use or Library Use, Electrical Repair,
Other Language, Science (Chemistry and two others),
Spot Hidden, any one other skill as a personal
specialty."	Standard
"Laborer, Unskilled"		EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	30	"Drive Auto, Electrical Repair, Fighting, First Aid,
Mechanical Repair, Operate Heavy Machinery, Throw,
any one other skill as a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Lumberjack		EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	30	"Climb, Dodge, Fighting (Chainsaw), First Aid,
Jump, Mechanical Repair, Natural World or Science
(Biology or Botany), Throw."	Standard
Miner		EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	30	"Climb, Geology, Jump, Mechanical Repair, Operate
Heavy Machinery, Stealth, Spot Hidden, any one
other skill as a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Lawyer	"Learned in the law of the state in which they serve, the lawyer
acts as an attorney, counsel, or solicitor, able to relate
abstract legal theories and knowledge to present solutions
for their clients. May be hired or appointed by a court on an
individual basis or may be privately retained by a wealthy
client or business firm.
In the U.S., a lawyer tends to mean an attorney, while in
England the term loosely refers to a variety of professions
including barristers, solicitors, and legal executives.
With the right client, a lawyer could become a celebrity
in his or her own right, and a small number do enjoy the
media attention for political or financial gain."	EDU × 4	30	80	"Accounting, Law, Library use, two interpersonal
skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade),
Psychology, any two other skills."	Standard
Librarian	"Librarians are most often employed by public institutions
or universities, responsible for cataloguing and maintaining
stock, as well as dealing with lender enquiries. In modern
times, the librarian is also a keeper of electronic media and
databases.
Some large businesses might employ a librarian to manage
a large collection, and occasionally opportunities appear
to take over custodial care of a private library for a wealthy
collector."	EDU × 4	9	35	"Accounting, Library use, Other Language, Own
Language, any four other skills as personal specialties
or specialist reading topics."	Standard
Mechanic (and Skilled Trades)	"This occupation includes all types of trades requiring specialized
training, time on the job as an apprentice or trainee,
etc. Carpenters, stonemasons, plumbers, electricians, millwrights,
mechanics, and others all qualify as skilled trades.
Usually they have their own unions—almost guilds—that
bargain with contractors and corporate employers."	EDU × 4	9	40	"Art/Craft (Carpentry, Welding, Plumbing, etc.),
Climb, Drive Auto, Electrical Repair, Mechanical
Repair, Operate Heavy Machinery, any two other
skills as personal, era or trade specialties."	Standard
Military Officer	"Officers are command rank and most commissions demand
some form of higher education. All armed services have established
officer training programs that may include university
education—in the U.S., most major universities provide
cadet training programs, allowing simultaneous training for
the military while attending school. Upon graduation the
cadet is promoted to the rank of Army or Marine Second
Lieutenant or Naval Ensign, and assigned to a station.
Usually such recruits owe the Government four years’
active service, after which time they may return to civilian
life. Many of the officers trained this way hold professional
commissions and serve as doctors, lawyers, or engineers.
Those looking for a career in the military may try to get
themselves appointed to one of the military academies: the
U.S. Army’s West Point or the Navy’s Annapolis, for example.
Graduating from one of these schools earns the officer respect. Once out of school, some officers opt for special
training, such as air pilot.
Occasionally, an experienced and exceptionally worthy
enlisted person is promoted to Warrant Officer. Although
technically at the bottom of the officers’ list of ranks, the
time and experience required to achieve this promotion carries
a respect and reverence far exceeding that of any junior
or middle-grade officer. Most commissions are for life. Even
a long-retired officer has the right to call himself Captain or
General."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	20	70	"Accounting, Firearms, Navigate, First Aid, two
interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate,
or Persuade), Psychology, any one other skills as
personal or era specialties."	Standard
Missionary	"Missionaries visit remote corners of the globe dispensing the
word of God to “unfortunate primitives” or ""lost souls"" in
more civilized locales. May be Catholic, Protestant, Islamic,
or from another branch of faith, such as the Church of the
Latter-Day Saints, who specialize in two-year proselytizing
missions to urban areas, including parts of the U.S. and
Europe.
Sometimes a missionary may be independent of all
except his or her own vision, or may be backed by some
organization other than a church.
Christian and Islamic proselytizers, as well as Buddhist,
and Hindu teachers can be encountered worldwide in all eras."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	0	30	"Art/Craft (any), First Aid, Mechanical Repair,
Medicine, Natural World, one interpersonal skill
(Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), any two
other skills as personal or era specialties."	Standard
Mountain Climber	"Mountain climbing as a sport became popular in the 19th
century. Most climbers are weekend and vacation sportsmen
and women; only a few have the reputations needed to attract
the financing and sponsorship required for major climbs.
By the 1920s, all the major American and Alpine peaks
have been conquered. After lengthy negotiations with the
Tibetans, climbers were finally granted access to the highest
peaks of the Himalayas. Regular assaults on Mt. Everest, the
last unconquered peak in the world, were routinely covered
by radio and newspapers. Expeditions in 1921, 1922, and
1924 all failed to reach the summit and resulted in the
deaths of thirteen people.
In the modern-day, mountaineering (or Alpinism, as
often termed by Europeans), may be sport, recreation, or
a profession. If a profession, this could include climbing
instructors, guides, athletes, or rescue services."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	30	60	"Climb, First Aid, Jump, Listen, Navigate, Other
Language, Survival (Alpine or as appropriate),
Track."	Standard
Museum Curator	"A museum curator can be responsible for a large facility like
a university or other publicly funded institution, or any sort
of smaller museum, often specializing in local geology or
other such topics."	EDU × 4	10	30	"Accounting, Appraise, Archaeology, History,
Library Use, Occult, Other Language, Spot Hidden."	Standard
Musician	"May perform in an orchestra, group, or solo,
with any instrument you care to think
of. Getting noticed is hard and then
getting a recording contract is difficult.
Most musicians are poor and do not get
noticed, eking a living by playing small
venues as often as they can. A fortunate
few might get regular work, such as playing
a piano in a bar or hotel or within
a city orchestra. For the minori- t y ,
great success and wealth can
be found by being in the right
place at the right time, plus
having a modicum of talent.
The 1920s is, of course,
the Jazz Age, and musicians
work in small combos and
dance orchestras in large and
medium-sized cities and towns
across America. A few musicians living i n
large cities, like Chicago or New York, find steady work in
their hometown, but most spend significant amounts of
time on the road, touring either by bus, automobile, or by
train."	EDU × 2 + (APP × 2 or DEX × 2)	9	30	"Art/Craft (Instrument), one interpersonal skill
(Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Listen,
Psychology, any four other skills."	Standard
Nurse	"Nurses are trained healthcare assistants, usually working
in hospitals, nursing homes, or with General Practitioners.
Generally, a nurse will assist an individual, sick or well, with
activities contributing to health or recovery (or to a peaceful
death) that a person might perform unaided if they had the
necessary strength, will, or knowledge."	EDU × 4	9	30	"First Aid, Listen, Medicine, one interpersonal
skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade),
Psychology, Science (Biology) and (Chemistry),
Spot Hidden."	Standard
Occultist	"Occultists are students of esoteric secrets and arcane magic.
They fully believe in paranormal abilities and actively attempt
to learn about and discover these powers within themselves.
Most are familiar with a broad range of different philosophies
and magical theories, some believing that they can actually
perform feats of magic—the veracity of such abilities is left to
the Keeper to determine.
It should be noted that, in the main, occultists are familiar
with ""earthly magic""—the secrets of Mythos magic
are unknown to them, save in tantalizing hints referenced
in ancient books."	EDU × 4	9	65	"Anthropology, History, Library Use, one interpersonal
skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or
Persuade), Occult, Other Language, Science (Astronomy),
any one* other skill as a personal or era
specialty.
*With the Keeper’s agreement, may include Cthulhu
Mythos (with an advised starting maximum of 10%)."	Standard
Outdoorsman/woman	"The outdoor enthusiast spends much of his or her time living
in the wilderness, often alone for long periods. Commonly
skilled in hunting and fishing, and able to be self-sufficient
in all but the harshest of environments. May be specialized
in hiking, fishing, cross-country skiing, canoeing, climbing,
and camping.
The outsdoorsman might work as a wilderness guide or
ranger for a national park or outward bound center, or they
may be financially independent, allowing them enjoy such a
lifestyle without regard for paid employment, perhaps living
as a hermit and only returning to civilization when the need
arises."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	5	20	"Firearms, First Aid, Listen, Natural World, Navigate,
Spot Hidden, Survival (any), Track."	Standard
Parapsychologist	"Parapsychologists do not pretend to enjoy extraordinary
powers, but instead spend their efforts attempting to
observe, record, and study such instances. Sometimes nicknamed
“ghost hunters,” they make use of technology to try
to capture hard evidence of paranormal activity that may
be centered on a person or a location. A major portion of
their time is spent debunking fake mediums and mistaken
phenomena rather than recording actual evidence.
Some parapsychologists will specialize in the study of
particular phenomenon, such as extra sensory perception,
telekinesis, hauntings, and others.
Prestigious universities grant no degrees for parapsychology.
Standards in the field are based entirely upon personal
reputation, and so the most acceptable representatives
tend to hold degrees in related areas—physics, psychology,
or medicine.
Those who choose this path are unusually sympathetic
to the notion of invisible mystical powers and in validating
that belief to the satisfaction of physical scientists. This
would represent an unusual cohabitation of faith and
doubt—the parapsychologist may have difficulty separating
the conflicting desires. A person uninterested in observation,
experimentation, and proof is not a scientist, though
he or she may be an occultist."	EDU × 4	9	30	"Anthropology, Art/Craft (Photography), History,
Library Use, Occult, Other Language, Psychology,
any one other skill as a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Pharmacist	"Pharmacists have long been more closely regulated than
physicians. They are licensed by individual states, most of
them requiring a high school education and three years
of pharmacy school. A pharmacist may be employed in a
hospital or a drug store, or perhaps they own a dispensary."	EDU × 4	35	75	"Accounting, First Aid, Other Language (Latin),
Library Use, one interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast
Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Psychology, Science
(Pharmacy), (Chemistry)."	Standard
Photographer	"Photography as an art form has been around a long time,
with most photographers working freelance, for an advertising
firm, or in a portrait studio taking pictures of families.
Others are employed in the newspaper, media, and film
industries.
The elite of photographers are drawn from the worlds of
art, journalism, and wildlife conservation. In each of these
arenas a photographer may find fame, recognition, and
financial reward."	EDU × 4	9	30	"Art/Craft (Photography), one interpersonal skill
(Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Psychology,
Science (Chemistry), Stealth, Spot Hidden,
any two other skills as personal or era specialties."	Standard
Photojournalist	"Photojournalists are essentially reporters who use cameras,
but who are also expected to write prose to accompany
an image. In the 1920s, newsreels came into being; heavy,
bulky 35mm film equipment was hauled around the globe in
search of exciting news stories, sporting events, and bathing
beauty pageants. A newsreel team usually numbers three:
one of them an actual reporter who writes the copy, while
the other two handle the camera, lights, etc. Voiceovers are
done at a home studio, based on the written copy."	EDU × 4	10	30	"Art/Craft (Photography), Climb, one interpersonal
skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade),
Other Language, Psychology, Science (Chemistry),
any two other skills as personal or era specialties."	Standard
Pilot	"Professional aviators may be employed by business, for
example the U.S. Mail, or work as pilots for a large or small
commercial passenger line.
In the U.S. there was no national regulation of pilots
until the passing of the Air Commerce Act of 1926, after
which time pilots’ licenses were required. Thus, many in this
period work at carnivals, stunting, selling rides, or offering
local air-taxi services in and out of small airports.
Some pilots actively serve in the military. Many aviators
learned to fly during their service and, as a result, still hold
commissions as officers in the Armed Forces."	EDU × 2 + DEX × 2	20	70	"Electrical Repair, Mechanical Repair, Navigate, Operate
Heavy Machine, Pilot (Aircraft), Science (Astronomy),
any two other skills as personal or era specialties."	Standard
Aviator	"An aviator is a stunt pilot, working at carnivals or offering
daring leisure rides for those willing to pay. Often fame
could be won by competing in organized air races, either
cross-country or on fixed courses. During the twenties, Hollywood
makes fair use of stunt pilots. A few aviators even
find work as test pilots for aircraft manufacturers. Many aviators
learned to fly during the Great War and, as a result, still
hold commissions as officers in the Army, Navy, Marines,
or Coast Guard. Younger pilots have either received military
training during peacetime or learned on their own.
American flying aces of the World War still in the public
limelight include: Eddie Rickenbacker, presently employed
by Chrysler Corporation; Tommy Hitchcock, Jr., now a star
on the polo fields; Reed Landis, son of Baseball Commissioner,
Kenesaw Mountain Landis."	EDU × 4	30	60	"Accounting, Electrical Repair, Listen, Mechanical
Repair, Navigate, Pilot (Aircraft), Spot Hidden, any
one other skill as a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Police Detective	"The police detective may be a manager who coordinates
staff in some important investigation, but rarely has the luxury
of concentrating on a single case. In the U.S., his or her
responsibilities at any one time may number in the dozens or
hundreds of open cases. The detective’s crucial function is to
marshal enough evidence to allow an arrest, in turn leading to
a successful criminal prosecution. Detectives everywhere sort
truth from lies by evidence and reconstruction. The offices
of detective and prosecutor are separate, so that the evidence
may be weighed independently before trial. Though present day detectives may attend police science
classes, take a degree, and undergo special training and civil
service exams, police detectives of every era are grounded in
their experiences as junior officers and ordinary patrolmen."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	20	50	"Art/Craft (Acting) or Disguise, Firearms, Law,
Listen, one interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk,
Intimidate, or Persuade), Psychology, Spot Hidden,
any one other skill."	Standard
Uniformed Police Officer	"The uniformed police officer is employed by cities and
towns, by County sheriffs’ departments, and state or regional
police forces. The job may be on foot, behind the wheel of
a patrol car, or sitting at a desk."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	30	"Fighting (Brawl), Firearms, First Aid, one interpersonal
skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or
Persuade), Law, Psychology, Spot Hidden and one
of the following as a personal specialty: Drive Automobile
or Ride."	Standard
Private Investigator	"The private eye usually acts in non-police situations, gathering
information and evidence for private clients in impending
civil cases, tracking down fleeing spouses or business
partners, or acting as an agent for private defense attorneys
in criminal cases. Like any professional, the private eye separates
his or her personal feelings from the job at hand, and
cheerfully works for the guilty and innocent alike, as long as
the fee is paid.
The private investigator may have been a member of a
police force in the past, using those connections to his or her
advantage in the present; however, this is not always the case.
In most locales, the private investigator must be licensed
and, if later proven to be guilty of illegal activity, the license
may be revoked—effectively ending the detective’s career."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	30	"Art/Craft (photography), Disguise, Law, Library
Use, one interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk,
Intimidate, or Persuade), Psychology, Spot Hidden
and any one other skill as personal or era specialty
(e.g. Computer Use, Locksmith, Fighting, Firearms)."	Standard
Professor	"Professors are academics employed by colleges and universities.
Larger corporations may also employ such academics
for research and product development. Independent
scholars sometimes help support themselves by teaching
part-time courses.
For the most part, the occupation indicates a Ph.D.—a
rank that can earn tenure at universities around the world.
The professor is qualified to teach and to perform competent
research, and may have a discernible academic reputation in
his or her area of expertise."	EDU × 4	20	70	"Library Use, Other Language, Own Language,
Psychology, any four other skills as academic, era, or
personal specialties."	Standard
Prospector	"Though the days of the California Gold Rush and the Nevada
Comstock Lode are long gone, the independent prospector
is still a feature of the American West. Roaming the
mountains, they endlessly search for the big strike that will
make them rich. In these days, oil may be as good as gold."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	0	10	"Climb, First Aid, History, Mechanical Repair,
Navigate, Science (Geology), Spot Hidden, any one
other skill as a personal or era specialty."	Standard
Prostitute	"Depending on circumstance, breeding, and background,
a prostitute may be a high-rolling expensive call girl, male
gigolo, or streetwalker. Often driven by circumstance, many
dream of a way out. A few work completely independently;
however, for most, they are lured and kept in the business by
ruthless pimps whose only concern is cash."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	5	50	"Art/Craft (any), two interpersonal skills (Charm,
Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Dodge, Psychology,
Sleight of hand, Stealth, any one other skill as a
personal or era specialty."	Standard
Psychiatrist	"In the modern era a psychiatrist is a physician specialized in
the diagnosis and treatment of mental disorders. Psychiatrists
are trained in psychopharmacological treatments and
are authorized to prescribe psychiatric medication, as well
as order electroencephalograms, and computed brain-imaging
studies.
At the turn of the twentieth century, psychoanalytic
theories were still relatively new and aimed at attempting to
explain phenomena that until recently had been considered
to be biological in nature. As such, psychiatrists sought
to establish their medical credentials, and differing
perspectives of diagnosing and treating mental disorders
began to be introduced. Until the 1930s, any
physician could request being listed in the Directory
of the American Medical Association
as a specialist in psychiatry."	EDU × 4	30	80	"Other Language, Listen, Medicine,
Persuade, Psychoanalysis, Psychology, Science
(Biology) and (Chemistry)."	Standard
Psychologist/Psychoanalyst	"While commonly known for the fields of
psychotherapy and counseling, this is just one
branch of psychology. Other specialists include
organizational psychologists who work with
businesses and governments, as well as academics conducting
research or teaching psychology.
Clinical psychologists may work with patients, using a
range of therapeutic tools. Note the distinction between a
psychologist and a psychiatrist who is a physician specialist.
In the 1920s, the study of human behavior was a rather
new field and primarily focused on Freudian analysis."	EDU × 4	10	40	"Accounting, Library Use, Listen, Persuade,
Psychoanalysis, Psychology, any two other skills as
academic, era or personal specialties."	Standard
Researcher	"The academic world sponsors a good deal of research,
particularly in the fields of astronomy, physics, and other
theoretical sciences. The private sector employs thousands of
researchers, especially chemists, pharmacists, and engineers.
Oil companies hire many trained geologists. Researchers
spend most of their time indoors, working and writing, but
some go onto become field researchers.
Field researchers are usually highly experienced, independent,
and resourceful, possibly employed by private interests
or undertaking academic research for a university. Oil
companies send geologists into the field to explore potential
petroleum fields, anthropologists study primitive tribes in
forgotten corners of the globe, and archaeologists spend
years of their lives unearthing treasures in deserts and jungles,
bargaining with native workers and local governments."	EDU × 4	9	30	"History, Library Use, one interpersonal skill
(Charm, Fast Talk Intimidate, or Persuade), Other
Language, Spot Hidden, any three fields of study."	Standard
"Sailor, Naval"	"Naval sailors, like their counterparts in the Army, go
through an initial period of basic training. Upon graduation
they are assigned rates and stations. Although many
sailors serve in the traditional roles of Boatswain’s Mate
or Fireman rating (ship’s engine man), the Navy also has
a need for technically trained mechanics, radio operators,
air controllers, etc. The highest enlisted rank is Chief Petty
Officer, which carries with it a prestige respected by even
high-ranking officers. Enlistments are for a fixed number of
years—in the U.S. Navy this is usually four years of active
duty followed by two years of inactive reserve commitment,
Parapsychologists study the supernatural
89
chapter 4: occupations
during which time the sailor can be called to serve in times
of national emergency."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	30	"Electrical or Mechanical Repair, Fighting, Firearms,
First Aid, Navigate, Pilot (Boat), Survival
(Sea), Swim."	Standard
"Sailor, Commercial"	"Commercial sailors may work aboard a fishing vessel,
charter boat, or haulage tankers, carrying oil or commodities.
In the U.S., charter boats work both coasts, as well as on
the Great Lakes, catering to sport fisherman and vacationers.
By far the greatest number of charter boats are found in
Florida, on both the Gulf and ocean coasts.
During Prohibition, many a charter boat captain found
a lucrative trade in ferrying thirsty customers to the 3-mile
limit, where foreign ships could sell alcohol. Likewise,
smuggling for the bootleggers could pay well; however, the
risks were high."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	20	40	"First Aid, Mechanical Repair, Natural World,
Navigate, one interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk,
Intimidate, or Persuade), Pilot (Boat), Spot Hidden,
Swim."	Standard
Salesperson	"An integral part of many businesses, salespeople work to
promote and sell their employer’s goods or services. Most
spend much of their time travelling, meeting, and entertaining
clients (as much as their expenses account will allow).
Some are mainly office-based, working telephones to contact
potential clients, while others travel between communities
to sell their wares door-to-door.
The 1920s is the decade of the entrepreneur and the
traveling salesperson is a part of everyday life. Some work
directly for companies and others on consignment, but
most live and die by commission, using hard sales tactics
to gain the confidence of a potential buyer and not caring
whether their sale is affordable or not. Some are restricted to
certain territories, while others are free to roam and seek out
prospects wherever they might be found. Brushes, vacuum
cleaners, and encyclopedias are only a few of the many items
that be offered door-to-door."	EDU × 2 + APP × 2	9	40	"Accounting, two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast
Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Drive Auto, Listen,
Psychology, Stealth or Sleight of Hand, any one
other skill."	Standard
Scientist	"Natural philosophers who delve reality in the pursuit of
knowledge. Where science is applied to creating useful items,
one might employ an engineer, but if one wishes to expand
the bounds of what is possible, one will require scientists.
Scientists are employed by businesses and universities to
carry out research.
Although specializing in one field of science, any scientist
worth his or her salt will be well-versed in several
branches of science. A scientist will also have a good command
of their own language, having done higher degrees
and probably a Ph.D."	EDU × 4	9	50	"Any three science specialisms, Computer Use or
Library Use, Other Language, Own Language, one
interpersonal skill (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or
Persuade), Spot Hidden."	Standard
Secretary	"A position that ranges from highly-paid private executive
assistants to those in the typing pool. The work concerns
supporting executives and managers with a range of communication
and organizational skills.
Being at the hub of the business, most secretaries know
more about the inner workings and operations of the business
than their bosses do.
During the 1920s, secretarial work was mainly concerned
with correspondence, such as typing dictated
letters, organizing document filing systems, and arranging
meetings for their bosses. In some cases, the secretary pretty
much ran their manager’s lives, organizing their vacations,
buying presents for their children and wives, and generally
covering their bosses’ back."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or APP × 2)	9	30	"Accounting, Art/Craft (Typing or Short Hand),
two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate,
or Persuade), Own Language, Library Use or
Computer Use, Psychology, any one other skill as a
personal or era specialty."	Standard
Shopkeeper	"The owner of a small shop, market stall, or perhaps restaurant.
Usually self-employed, but may be the manager running
the shop on behalf of the owner. Possibly family-run,
with relations also working on the premises, with normally
few, if any, employees.
The 1920s saw many women opening their own hairdressing
and millinery shops."	EDU × 2 + (APP × 2 or DEX × 2)	20	40	"Accounting, two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast
Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Electrical Repair, Listen,
Mechanical Repair, Psychology, Spot Hidden."	Standard
Soldier/Marine	"This refers to the enlisted ranks of the Army and Marines
and includes the lowest ranks of Private up through Gunnery
Sergeant (in U.S. terms). Although technically outranked
by even the freshest of Second Lieutenants, Veteran
Sergeants are respected by even the highest-ranking officers.
In the U.S., standard enlistment is for six years, including
four years’ active duty and two in standby (inactive) reserve.
All enlisted persons receive basic training—“boot camp”—
where raw recruits are taught how to march, shoot, and salute.
Upon graduation from basic training, most are assigned to the
infantry, although the Army also needs soldiers for artillery
and the tank corps. A few are trained for non-combat roles,
such as air controller, mechanic, clerk, or even officer’s steward.
Marines, while technically part of the Navy, are similar to
soldiers in background, training, and skills."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	9	30	"Climb or Swim, Dodge, Fighting, Firearms,
Stealth, Survival and two of the following: First Aid,
Mechanical Repair or Other Language."	Standard
Spy	"Spies work for the intelligence community of a political
state or organization. They may appear in any form of occupation,
from ambassador to kitchen cleaner, in order to
obtain the information they require. Some work deep cover
for many years, while others change their identity at the
drop of a hat. While spies may be posted within their own
country, they can more usually be found working aboard.
While information gathering and counter intelligence
comprise the key work of a spy, other tasks may be performed,
such as recruiting moles or carrying out state-sanctioned
assassinations."	EDU × 2 + (APP × 2 or DEX × 2)	20	60	"Art/Craft (Acting) or Disguise, Firearms, Listen,
Other Language, one interpersonal skill (Charm,
Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Psychology,
Sleight of Hand, Stealth."	Standard
Student/Intern	"May be a student enrolled at a college or university, or the
employee of a company receiving minimal compensation
for valuable on-the-job training."	EDU × 4	5	10	"Language (Own or Other), Library Use, Listen,
three fields of study and any two other skills as a
personal or era specialties."	Standard
Stuntman	"The film and television industry employs stuntmen and
women to simulate falls from buildings, car crashes, and
other catastrophes. Stunt performers will usually be trained
in fighting techniques and stage combat. There is always risk
in the performance of all stunt work, and health and safety
is a key element.
In modern times, stunt performers will largely be members
of a union where they have had to prove their credentials
(such as advanced driver’s license, diver’s license, and
so on). All television and film work will be supervised by a
stunt director. However in the 1920s, there are no equivalent
organizations nor any regulation of the industry. Accidents
and fatalities are frequent."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 or STR × 2)	10	50	"Climb, Dodge, Electrical Repair or Mechanical Repair,
Fighting, First Aid, Jump, Swim, plus one from
either Diving, Drive Automobile, Pilot (any), Ride."	Standard
Tribe Member	"In the sense of family allegiance, at least, tribalism is everywhere.
In a tribe, the primacy of kinship and custom
is self-evident. A tribal group is nominally relatively small.
In place of a blanket of law and general individual rights,
the tribal personality defers to personal honor. Praise, vengeance, gifts, and glory—all must be personal to the tribe
member, and if leaders or enemies are to be treated as men
of honor, they too must be personally known in some way.
The notion of exile has real power in such a setting."	EDU × 2 + (DEX × 2 + STR × 2)	0	15	"Climb, Fighting or Throw, Listen, Natural World,
Occult, Spot Hidden, Swim, Survival (any)."	Standard
Undertaker	"Undertakers, also known as morticians or funeral directors,
manage the business of funeral rites. This work includes the
burial or cremation of the dead. With burials, the undertaker
will perform embalming, as well as dressing, casketing,
and cosmetising the appearance of the deceased.
Undertakers are licensed by the state. They either own
their own funeral parlors or work for someone who does."	EDU × 4	20	40	"Accounting, Drive Auto, one interpersonal skill
(Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), History,
Occult, Psychology, Science (Biology) and (Chemistry)."	Standard
Union Activist	"Union activists are organizers, leaders, and sometimes either
visionaries or malcontents with an axe to grind. Normally a
friend to the workers and an enemy of the bosses. Unions
exist in all walk of life, be it stevedores, construction workers,
miners, or actors.
During the early twentieth century, union officials find
themselves caught between big business wishing to destroy
them, politicians alternately befriending and condemning
them, communists and socialists trying to infiltrate their
ranks, and criminal mobs trying to take them over."	EDU × 4	5	30	"Accounting, two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast
Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), Fighting (Brawl),
Law, Listen, Operate Heavy Machinery, Psychology."	Standard
Waitress/Waiter	"Serves customers and clients within a hotel, bar, or other
drinking or eating establishment. Traditionally low-paid,
the waitress earns tips from clients by providing good service
and trying to establish a rapport.
A technically illegal profession during Prohibition (in
the case of serving liquor), many job opportunities exist
working in the illegal speakeasies owned by the mob."	EDU × 2 + (APP × 2 or DEX × 2)	9	20	"Accounting, Art/Craft (any), Dodge, Listen, two
interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate,
or Persuade), Psychology, any one skill as a personal
or era specialty."	Standard
Clerk/Executive	"Clerks are habitually underpaid and the work is drudgery,
with those recognized as having talent being earmarked
for promotion someday. Middle and senior managers
attract higher salaries, with greater responsibilities and
say in how the business is managed day-to-day. Although
unmarried white-collar workers are not infrequent, most
executive types are family-oriented, with a spouse at home
and children—it is often expected of them."	EDU × 4	9	20	"Accounting, Language, Law, Library Use or Computer
Use, Listen, one interpersonal skill (Charm,
Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade), any two other
skills as personal or era specialties."	Standard
Middle/Senior Manager	"This could range from the lowest-level white-collar position
of a clerk to a middle or senior manager. The employer could
be a small- to medium-sized locally owned business, up to a
large national, or multinational corporation."	EDU × 4	20	80	"Accounting, Other Language, Law, two interpersonal
skills (Charm, Fast Talk, Intimidate, or Persuade),
Psychology, any two other skills as personal
or era specialties."	Standard
Zealot	"Intense and vision-driven, scorning an easy life, the zealot
agitates for a better life for humanity, or for some advantage
for the group imagined to be the most worthwhile part of
humanity. Some fanatics promote their beliefs through
violence; however, the peaceable majority may be just as
implacable. All dream of the vindication of their beliefs."	EDU × 2 + (APP × 2 or POW × 2)	0	30	"History, two interpersonal skills (Charm, Fast Talk,
Intimidate, or Persuade), Psychology, Stealth, and any
three other skills as personal or era specialties."	Standard
Zookeeper	"Zookeepers are responsible for the feeding and care of the
animals in their charge; groundskeepers and attendants take
care of other chores. Often the zookeeper is specialized in a
particular breed of animal. The Zookeeper is able to use the
Medicine skill on animals."	EDU × 4	9	40	"Art/Craft (Animal Handling), Accounting,
Dodge, First Aid, Natural World, Medicine, Science
(Pharmacy), (Zoology)."	Standard
